Improved documentation when using serial (#182)
Tow-Boot/Tow-Boot: doc/getting-started.md

on.

Serial 

> -----------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
------
```

Many `AArch64` devices do not come with a display or can be used in headless mode (as an example - a small home server which doesn't need a display).

In those cases, using serial to interact with the device can be required. Especially before your operating system of choice is loaded.

> Tow-Boot uses the same baud rate for all platforms and devices: `115200` , even platforms which generally default to another serial baud rate, have been configured to use the above for homogeneity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tow-Boot uses the same baud rate for all platforms and devices: `115200`. This applies to all platforms, even those which generally default to another serial baud rate.
```

I find the original a bit long and clumsy. Though I'm open to other suggestions.

Author: Thank you for the suggestion. The shorter sentences are noticeably easier to read!

> You can use the serial console of your preference - `screen` , `picocom` , `minicom` and others.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use the serial console software of your preference - `screen` , `picocom` , `minicom` and others.
```

### Examples for connecting with serial

Examples to connect to the device while installing or booting Tow-Boot from another device:

```shell-session
$ screen /dev/ttyUSB0 115200
...
Press Ctrl+a and K to exit
```

```shell-session
$ picocom /dev/ttyUSB0 -b 115200
...
Press Ctrl+a and Ctrl+x to exit
```

```shell-session
$ minicom -D /dev/ttyUSB0 -b 115200
...

> 

Reviewer 2: Is this blank line really useful here ?

Author: I've completely missed that one! Thank you
Will change it in a few
